doc improvement: Corrections for Azure IoT Hub setup (#14398)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/azure_iot_hub.rst

You can configure the library to connect to Azure IoT Hub with or without using DPS.

.. _dps_config:

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Using DPS

      To connect to Azure IoT Hub using DPS, complete the following steps:

      1. Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DPS_ID_SCOPE` Kconfig option to the ``ID Scope`` for your DPS instance by running the following command:

         .. code-block:: console

            az iot dps show --name <dps_name> --query "properties.idScope"

         Alternatively, you can set the registration ID at runtime.

      #. Configure the registration ID:

         For testing on one device, you can manually configure the registration ID by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AZURE_IOT_HUB_DPS_REG_ID` Kconfig option.

>          When running the same firmware on multiple devices, it's not practical to hard-code the registration ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         When running the same firmware on multiple devices, it is not practical to hard-code the registration ID.
```
